Revert the README header image (#1141)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane-lightning: .github/CHANGELOG.md

  [(#1134)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane-lightning/pull/1134)

> - Add a header/banner image to the README (`README.rst`), as in the `pennylane` and `catalyst` repositories.
>   Revert this change temporarily as PyPI disables the `.. raw::` directive for security reasons in `rst` files.
>   [(#1139)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane-lightning/pull/1139)
>   [(#1141)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane-lightning/pull/1141)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added a header/banner image to the README (`README.rst`), as in the `pennylane` and `catalyst` repositories.
  Temporarily reverted this change as PyPI forbids the `.. raw::` directive for security reasons in `rst` files.
  This will be revisited in a future PR.
  [(#1139)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane-lightning/pull/1139)
  [(#1141)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane-lightning/pull/1141)
```
